[INFRA] pass benchmark_min_time to performance tests (#2207)
seqan/seqan3: test/performance/CMakeLists.txt

include (../seqan3-test.cmake)

> option (SEQAN3_FAST_TESTS "Run each benchmark for a shorter time. Timings are unreliable." OFF)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option (SEQAN3_BENCHMARK_MIN_TIME "Set --benchmark_min_time= for each bechmark. Timings are unreliable in CI." 1)
```

macro (seqan3_benchmark benchmark_cpp)
    file (RELATIVE_PATH benchmark "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}" "${CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_DIR}/${benchmark_cpp}")
    seqan3_test_component (target "${benchmark}" TARGET_NAME)
    seqan3_test_component (test_name "${benchmark}" TEST_NAME)

    add_executable (${target} ${benchmark_cpp})
    target_link_libraries (${target} seqan3::test::performance)

>     if (SEQAN3_FAST_TESTS)
>         add_test (NAME "${test_name}" COMMAND ${target} "--benchmark_min_time=0.01")
>     else ()
>         add_test (NAME "${test_name}" COMMAND ${target})
>     endif ()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    add_test (NAME "${test_name}" COMMAND ${target} "--benchmark_min_time=${SEQAN3_BENCHMARK_MIN_TIME}")
```
